Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Agent.
♪ ♪
Excuse me.
She's got next shift.
You guys keep taking my girls,
you're gonna put me
out of business.
Get a new girl.
You seem
to be quite...
agitated.
What are you doing, Agent?
He's a native.
My jurisdiction.
Sorry he acted out,
Captain Windmark.
I mean, you could wipe him,
sure,
but then there's the inquiry,
the paperwork.
Club gets shut
for two days,
and I, for one, lose a hell
of a lot of kickbacks.
I must say, Agent,
you are always
exactly what you seem.
Can you stand?
Go home, Kitty.
Take the rest of the night off.
Thanks, Rick.
What are you? Stupid?
What can I say?
I'm a gentleman.
I had to piss him off
so he'd try and wipe me.
Otherwise
he would have read me.
But he read you.
And you fooled him.
How the hell
did you do that?
Just lucky, I guess.
Lucky?
They find out about you,
they'll kill you.
Hell, they find out
there's anyone like you,
they'll probably
kill us all.
I love being special.
You're late.
I said 6:00.
It's 8:00.
They added two
new checkpoints downtown.
You said "important."
Oh, baby...
You don't know
the half of it.
Remember all those times
I said you were nuts?
Looks like I was wrong.
Go ahead.
Does anyone else
know about this?
No, of course not.
Oh, my God.
- Where are the others? Were they--
- Yeah.
Two more.
Man and a woman.
Younger. Right where
I found this one.
Heat was rising.
- Couldn't move 'em all at once.
- Where?
The city. Inside the old--
Attention, curfew
is now in effect.
Natives, please return
to your homes immediately.
♪ Fringe 4x19 ♪
Letters of Transit
Original Air Date on April 20, 2012
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
♪
Who are you?
Loyalists hung
a few resistance fighters
from Copley Plaza mall.
We need to cut them down.
We have two containment
breaches in Back Bay.
And curfews--
people are getting brave.
Don't let them.
- Where the hell have you been, Agent?
- Sir, I need--
Walk with me. Now.
- Late.
- I know.
- Very.
- Sorry. Very.
I need a coffee.
I could use
some air myself.
I remember when you used to
be able to drink this stuff.
You are old.
So what's wrong?
- Rick's dead.
- What?
- Loyalist killed him.
- Damn it, Etta.
Black market tech
gets people killed.
Even cops.
Black market tech
replaced your eyes.
I don't need
a history lesson.
You were gonna stop
running civilians.
I had an open order
with him.
From the old days.
I just never cancelled it.
An order for what?
Any info
on the missing team.
Really? Again?
You've got to let this go.
- Simon--
- It's a myth, Etta.
The original Fringe team
didn't vanish.
They aren't missing.
They died 20 years ago.
They aren't coming back
to save us from the Observers.
They aren't in the desert
or Peru, or immortal.
You're right.
They're in Amber.
And I've got one
of them right here.
Well, I'll be a toe
on a foot in a grave.
That's the Amber device.
He did this on purpose.
What could have been so terrible
that he ambered himself?
And his team.
Rick said the others
were with him.
Once we get Dr. Bishop out,
he can tell us where they are.
Let's not get ahead
of ourselves yet.
Agent.
- No, thank you.
- Don't be rude, Phillip.
Have a drink with me.
It's water.
It doesn't do anything
for me.
It hydrates you.
Yes, I suppose it does.
As much as I would have enjoyed
eliminating him myself,
native-on-native killing
cannot stand.
Not on my watch.
I heard.
And, no,
we don't have any leads.
This is the fourth
this month.
I can count.
I like you, Philip.
But be assured...
Bite my hand
and I will put you down.
Your division is in charge
of native crime.
Or would you rather I was
in charge of native crime?
I don't think you'd like
my methods.
I'll get you a suspect.
Good.
Windmark.
What did you do
up there in the future...
to get yourself
such a crap detail?
I like animals.
Third generation Amber.
No reverse protocols.
Durable stuff, this.
There's no way to revert it
to its gaseous form?
I didn't say that.
Oh, dear.
Good look on you.
It looks like the Amber
can only be reverted
to its gaseous state
momentarily.
He won't have enough time
to emerge safely.
By the time he's aware enough
to step out of it...
the gas will have
resolidified,
capturing him again.
Couldn't we just
push him out?
Not unless you want to end up
encased in that stuff yourself.
Hey.
What's it for?
Hell if I know.
You know Simon.
You know...
not everyone trusts Simon.
- My friends--
- Your friends in the city?
Some think he's allowed
the resistance
to operate a little...
too freely.
He had better have
a good reason
for checking out
old level-two tech.
'Cause my friends--
in the city.
They're gonna be watching.
A girl like you might want
to watch her "P"s and "Q"s.
Wouldn't want
to do the wrong thing.
I'll keep that in mind.
Fire in the hole.
Wow.
Crowd control--
back before the loyalists
decided it was easier
just to use bullets.
I'm quite proud
of these little babies.
When I say.
Really?
I was gonna go before.
Okay,
buffers are communicating.
Ready?
Three,
two, one.
I didn't
say "now."
You were late!
Dr. Bishop, my name
is Agent Simon Foster.
It is a great honor for me
to meet you, sir.
And you, young lady,
you're very pretty.
Etta.
We just removed you
from Amber, Dr. Bishop.
You were inside 20 years.
20 years?
It's no wonder I'm so hungry.
Do you have anything to eat?
This was--
is your favorite food.
That's what they say.
The stories, I mean.
Mmm!
Mmm! Mmm!
That's lovely, thank you.
Our records indicate that,
after the invasion,
you and your team
discovered a way
of getting rid
of the Observers.
These are the blueprints for
the device you were working on.
But we believe,
before you could finish it,
you and your team were--
were you all caught in Amber?
- What do you call it?
- We don't know.
We--we thought it was
some kind of beacon.
No, no, no,
you silly Billy--this.
The same as you.
We call it licorice.
Licorice. Licorice.
Li-cor-ice.
Who are you?
You're quite pretty.
Li-cor-ice.
Do you have ring-dings?
Dr. Bishop,
I need you to try
and stay perfectly still.
Walter.
Yes, I hear you, Peter.
I will try not to move.
Here, try this.
His neuropathways
have degraded.
It looks as if he's experienced
some sort of trauma.
Probably because
he was so close
to the blast horizon
of the Amber.
Brain damage.
Mmm.
Well, how do we fix him?
I don't know.
She'll be here
in a moment.
Your meeting.
It's about to take place.
You wanted to see me, Agent.
Yes, ma'am.
We're still waiting
on the touch screens
for headquarters.
They've been back-ordered now
for six months.
Well, I don't know how
to break this to you, Agent,
but your
department's needs
are the lowest thing
on my list of priorities.
I understand that it's--
perhaps even lower.
And how is it that
you always manage
to come during
my lunch hour?
Walk me to my car.
I'm sorry.
I can't hide my thoughts from
them the same way that you can.
Have you made any progress
with Walter's device?
Well, yes and no.
And the others. Are they--
unclear.
If Dr. Bishop knows
where they are,
he's unable to tell us.
And why not?
- Do I know you?
- Yes, Walter.
It's Nina.
Nina Sharp.
We've known each other
for many years.
It's good to see you again.
In that case,
it's good to see you too.
So what do you think,
Ms. Sharp?
Can you help fix him?
Of course,
you understand the risks
of wanting to save the world?
Well, they say
he did it once before.
He and his team.
Yes, they did.
But not without
great consequence.
I can't fix him.
But I have an idea.
Massive Dynamic has long had
a piece of Walter's brain
that was surgically removed
and kept in a locked vault.
It's entirely possible
that you could use that material
to inspire Walter's brain
to heal itself.
They removed a piece
of his brain?
William Bell did.
It was at
Walter's request.
Why?
I don't think he liked
the person he was becoming.
So can you go get it
and bring it out here?
Well, no,
it's not as simple as that.
The old brain tissue
is very fragile.
Neural matter can decay
in seconds.
You can't just carry it around
in a petri dish.
Why do I feel...
like you're trying
to bury the lead?
The material isn't here.
It's still
at our old facility.
In the city.
That's
wall-to-wall Observers.
We've done harder.
No, we haven't.
- You really should get this fixed.
- Hmm. All right, Simon.
Walter, stop it.
No, we've just been catching up.
Yes.
No, he'll be ready
when you get here.
Walter,
Etta and Simon got
the transit passes.
What on earth are you doing?
Try it.
Wh--
Oh.
I hope we're going
to the circus.
Walter.
Snacks.
Do you think they'd have any
of that delicious lic--
Monster.
Shh. It's okay.
- Monster!
- We got to get him off the street.
-  Hold up there.
What seems to be the matter?
Fringe Agents.
No matter.
- We're just heading downtown.
- I see.
I trust you have papers.
Of course.
What's your name, prisoner?
Prisoner?
I most certainly am not.
Look at me!
Do I look like--
He's--he's not
a prisoner.
He's her grandfather.
We're taking him to visit
my grandmother's grave.
Today's the anniversary
of her death.
"I am not a number.
I am a free man."
As you can see,
He's crazy.
We just checked him out
of the home for the day.
But it was last minute,
and we didn't have time
to do the proper paperwork.
"These aren't the 'droids
you're looking for."
I'm sorry.
I'm sure you can understand.
Next time,
I won't be so nice.
- Thank you.
- "Move along."
Nice.
- You okay?
- Yes. Wonderful.
It's quite the adventure,
isn't it?
Yeah, I suppose it is.
Like The Guns of Navarone.
Deja vu.
What?
I feel like
I've been here before.
You have.
Man times,
I imagine.
Though that was
a long time ago.
I hope
it was cleaner then.
Dust is revolting.
Sir,
there's been a break-in
at the old Massive Dynamic.
- Massive Dynamic?
- Yes, sir.
Underground
parking garage.
Are we sure it isn't
a fault in the system?
- It's been buggy lately.
- I ran diagnostics.
It's not a false alarm.
This is Agent Broyles.
I need to talk
to Captain Windmark.
How's it look?
I can't say.
I have no idea
how it's supposed to look.
What is that?
Monkey feces?
That, Dr. Bishop,
is your brain.
We need an inactive medium
to transfer the neural tissue.
A mixture of saline
and polysorbate 80.
Three CCs of each.
Have you seen it?
Monkey feces? No.
I can't say
I've had the pleasure.
I wouldn't say
that it was a pleasure.
First, I need you
to take these pills.
They're Diazepam, mostly.
They'll put you
into a deep sleep,
for ten minutes,
that will quiet your brain
to allow the process
to occur faster.
You're a clever boy.
Dare I ask?
Synthetic neurotrophins.
Growth proteins.
If this process works,
it should allow his brain
to absorb the missing tissue
in a matter of minutes.
I've eaten it once.
It was sweeter
than you'd think.
Feces?
God, no.
Brains.
And LSD.
I love LSD.
Ready.
Dr. Bishop,
we're going to inject
that solution into the base
of your brain.
Oh, fun.
What was your name, again?
- Simon.
Like in the game
"Simon Says."
I'm going to have
to listen to you.
Isn't that right,
young lady?
Yes, he's a very smart boy.
Okay, this may
look scary, but--
I suddenly feel
very tired, Simon.
Here.
Simon says,
"Go to sleep now, Walter."
What if this
doesn't work?
Dr. Bishop?
It has to.
When I was in
my freshman year at college--
I'm at Stanford.
And in the middle
of the night,
my roommate comes banging
on my door.
Tells me to wake up,
come check out the TV.
I tell him to go away.
I...
I have a girl in my bed.
But he won't take no
for an answer.
So me and the girl...
Emily...
We get dressed,
go to the common room.
On the TV they're showing
footage from...
Chicago, L.A...
London.
Observers going
from house to house and...
dragging people out
into the street.
That was 2015.
The Purge.
I'm watching people...
Being dragged from their homes,
led into the street,
and being...
put down like dogs.
And suddenly...
I knew.
I don't know how, but...
That's...
why my parents sent me
so far away for school.
They were part
of the resistance. They--
they sent me away
to protect me.
That was the night
they were killed.
And that was the night...
I knew I wouldn't give up...
until the Observers had gone.
You never told me that.
I never told anyone that.
I was only four
the last time I saw my parents.
I can't even picture
their faces anymore.
Dr. Bishop?
Are you okay?
I believe that's mine,
young man.
Agent Simon Foster.
Fringe Division.
Pleased to meet you, sir.
- What year is it?
- 2036.
And they're still here?
The Observers?
Assessment?
Sir, I count three sets
of footprints.
Ready weapons.
Protocol?
Shoot first.
I'll read them later.
Sir, 12th floor is clear.
Okay, proceed to the 13th.
Can you build it?
Walter?
They weren't all bad,
you know.
One of them even tried
to help us.
He was called September.
What happened to him was...
well, unexpected.
He told me that,
in the year 2609 A.D.,
they finally ruined the planet.
They poisoned it--
the air, the water.
And when it was
fundamentally uninhabitable,
then they traveled
back through time,
and took our planet from us.
Yes, I can build it.
Okay, good.
It'll take some time.
But it would be easier if you
didn't have to do it alone.
Wouldn't it?
If you had your team
with you to help you?
You were trapped
in Amber with them, right?
Do you remember
where that was?
where we can find the others?
You.
Elevator.
Did you forget to disable
the internal alarms?
What are you people?
Idiots?
This way.
Neither Belly or I
ever left ourselves
only one way out of a room.
Come on.
Warm.
They were just here.
So how'd they get out?
Step back.
Keep going!
Two lefts and a right.
How do we open it?
What?
Where's Bishop?
♪ ♪
Walter, come on.
We've got to get out of here.
They're coming.
Give me your watch.
What?
- Your watch. Now.
- What are you doing? What is this?
Resistance must take place
at any opportunity.
We are insurgents.
And this is anti-matter.
You're smart--
you do the math.
What are you waiting for?
Come on!
Sir, in here.
♪ ♪
What is that?
I know where they are.
Who?
The others.
My team.
I know where
we were ambered.
We should hurry.
It's not far from here.
♪ ♪
So...
Are you gonna tell me
what that was all about?
Back at Massive Dynamic.
You and Bishop.
You see him.
He's half a fruitcake
short of Christmas.
Yeah.
Yeah, he is.
Isn't he?
The wand should be
just about powered up.
I'll check on it.
And you're certain
it was Agent Foster?
Yes, Agent.
Foster and a woman,
and a man Foster claimed
was her grandfather.
But with a prisoner
transport I.D.
As I said, you may all
play fast and loose
up there in Boston, but here,
rules and regulations matter.
If you prefer, I can certainly
take this up with downtown--
No.
I can handle my agents.
Agent Romick,
activate Agent Foster's tracker
and assemble a team.
You designed these yourself?
Augmentation buffers.
Yeah.
One goes on either side,
down by her feet.
Not bad.
You know...
I think you're just
what we've been waiting for--
someone to show people
that we don't just...
have to accept our fate...
that we can fight back,
that we can use our will
and our imagination
to make a better world,
a better life.
In that case,
a little more focus
and a little
less pontificating--
we might have
the job done by now.
Right.
Ready?
On three.
One,
two, three.
Ooh.
Etta, the injection.
- Where am I?
- You're okay. I'm Etta.
I'm just going
to give you an injection
to help you breathe, okay?
- Hello, Astro.
- Walter.
- Walter, where is--
This is not good.
What?
I think I broke the wand.
Can you fix it?
I can try.
Set up the buffers
and I'll see what I can do.
♪ ♪
Shh.
It's not green.
The activation light--
it's red.
No, actually,
it's going back and forth.
Simon, something's wrong.
The buffers are having trouble
communicating with each other.
That doesn't make
any sense. There's--
there's nothing here
to interfere with the signal.
And no phones,
no radio waves...
What is it?
My tracker.
They must have activated it.
We need to get him
out of here.
But how would they know it's us?
I don't know.
But they know we're here.
There must be enough of a signal
down here to trigger the Amber.
Okay, but even so,
the wand is broken.
- How do we get him out of there?
- I don't know.
I hear sirens.
We have to leave.
We have to get him
out of there now.
Okay,
I have an idea.
Here, take this.
When I say "now"...
trigger the Amber.
But--
three...
Two...
One.
We need him.
Simon--
do it.
Now.
Sir.
♪ ♪
William Bell?
You just left him there?
You remember what he did
to Olivia.
Even you can't be
that compassionate.
But we need him,
don't we?
Otherwise, how are we going
to get access--
It's okay.
We have everything we need.
I'm sorry
about your friend.
We'll do everything we can
to get him back.
I promise.
Do you...
Know me?
I don't know how I could.
I've been stuck
in that Amber for over 20 years,
you barely look old enough--
Henrietta?
Hi, Dad.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org